Upgrade docs and release a new alpha version (#207)
tidalmigrations/machine_stats: unix-alpha/README.md

[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/machine-stats)](https://pypi.org/project/machine-stats/)

> | :exclamation:  Warning: This is not a stable release! The following document can be inaccurate. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :exclamation:  Warning: This is not a stable release! The following documentation is a work in progress and might not be accurate. |
```
